result           |arg2-as-detail   |-0.32  |  discogem_multi_leaves_Euclidean-CLR_pearson
arg1-as-negcond  |arg1-as-excpt    |+0.31  |  discogem_multi_leaves_Euclidean-CLR_pearson
synchronous      |precedence       |+0.23  |  discogem_multi_leaves_Euclidean-CLR_spearman
result           |arg2-as-detail   |-0.30  |  discogem_multi_leaves_Euclidean-CLR_spearman
synchronous      |precedence       |+0.22  |  discogem_multi_leaves_Euclidean-CLR_kendall
result           |arg2-as-detail   |-0.25  |  discogem_multi_leaves_Euclidean-CLR_kendall
result           |arg2-as-detail   |-0.32  |  discogem_multi_leaves_Euclidean-ALR_pearson
arg1-as-negcond  |arg1-as-excpt    |+0.31  |  discogem_multi_leaves_Euclidean-ALR_pearson
synchronous      |precedence       |+0.23  |  discogem_multi_leaves_Euclidean-ALR_spearman
result           |arg2-as-detail   |-0.30  |  discogem_multi_leaves_Euclidean-ALR_spearman
synchronous      |precedence       |+0.22  |  discogem_multi_leaves_Euclidean-ALR_kendall
result           |arg2-as-detail   |-0.25  |  discogem_multi_leaves_Euclidean-ALR_kendall
result           |arg2-as-detail   |-0.32  |  discogem_multi_leaves_Euclidean-ILR_pearson
arg1-as-negcond  |arg1-as-excpt    |+0.31  |  discogem_multi_leaves_Euclidean-ILR_pearson
synchronous      |precedence       |+0.23  |  discogem_multi_leaves_Euclidean-ILR_spearman
result           |arg2-as-detail   |-0.30  |  discogem_multi_leaves_Euclidean-ILR_spearman
synchronous      |precedence       |+0.22  |  discogem_multi_leaves_Euclidean-ILR_kendall
result           |arg2-as-detail   |-0.25  |  discogem_multi_leaves_Euclidean-ILR_kendall
synchronous      |asynchronous     |+0.20  |  discogem_multi_level2_Euclidean-CLR_pearson
cause            |conjunction      |-0.39  |  discogem_multi_level2_Euclidean-CLR_pearson
synchronous      |asynchronous     |+0.23  |  discogem_multi_level2_Euclidean-CLR_spearman
cause            |conjunction      |-0.36  |  discogem_multi_level2_Euclidean-CLR_spearman
synchronous      |asynchronous     |+0.22  |  discogem_multi_level2_Euclidean-CLR_kendall
cause            |conjunction      |-0.29  |  discogem_multi_level2_Euclidean-CLR_kendall
synchronous      |asynchronous     |+0.20  |  discogem_multi_level2_Euclidean-ALR_pearson
cause            |conjunction      |-0.39  |  discogem_multi_level2_Euclidean-ALR_pearson
synchronous      |asynchronous     |+0.23  |  discogem_multi_level2_Euclidean-ALR_spearman
cause            |conjunction      |-0.36  |  discogem_multi_level2_Euclidean-ALR_spearman
synchronous      |asynchronous     |+0.22  |  discogem_multi_level2_Euclidean-ALR_kendall
cause            |conjunction      |-0.29  |  discogem_multi_level2_Euclidean-ALR_kendall
synchronous      |asynchronous     |+0.20  |  discogem_multi_level2_Euclidean-ILR_pearson
cause            |conjunction      |-0.39  |  discogem_multi_level2_Euclidean-ILR_pearson
synchronous      |asynchronous     |+0.23  |  discogem_multi_level2_Euclidean-ILR_spearman
cause            |conjunction      |-0.36  |  discogem_multi_level2_Euclidean-ILR_spearman
synchronous      |asynchronous     |+0.22  |  discogem_multi_level2_Euclidean-ILR_kendall
cause            |conjunction      |-0.29  |  discogem_multi_level2_Euclidean-ILR_kendall
temporal         |comparision      |-0.15  |  discogem_multi_level1_Euclidean-CLR_pearson
contingency      |expansion        |-0.54  |  discogem_multi_level1_Euclidean-CLR_pearson
temporal         |contingency      |-0.09  |  discogem_multi_level1_Euclidean-CLR_spearman
contingency      |expansion        |-0.50  |  discogem_multi_level1_Euclidean-CLR_spearman
temporal         |contingency      |-0.08  |  discogem_multi_level1_Euclidean-CLR_kendall
contingency      |expansion        |-0.40  |  discogem_multi_level1_Euclidean-CLR_kendall
temporal         |comparision      |-0.15  |  discogem_multi_level1_Euclidean-ALR_pearson
contingency      |expansion        |-0.54  |  discogem_multi_level1_Euclidean-ALR_pearson
temporal         |contingency      |-0.09  |  discogem_multi_level1_Euclidean-ALR_spearman
contingency      |expansion        |-0.50  |  discogem_multi_level1_Euclidean-ALR_spearman
temporal         |contingency      |-0.08  |  discogem_multi_level1_Euclidean-ALR_kendall
contingency      |expansion        |-0.40  |  discogem_multi_level1_Euclidean-ALR_kendall
temporal         |comparision      |-0.15  |  discogem_multi_level1_Euclidean-ILR_pearson
contingency      |expansion        |-0.54  |  discogem_multi_level1_Euclidean-ILR_pearson
temporal         |contingency      |-0.09  |  discogem_multi_level1_Euclidean-ILR_spearman
contingency      |expansion        |-0.50  |  discogem_multi_level1_Euclidean-ILR_spearman
temporal         |contingency      |-0.08  |  discogem_multi_level1_Euclidean-ILR_kendall
contingency      |expansion        |-0.40  |  discogem_multi_level1_Euclidean-ILR_kendall
precedence       |succession       |+0.51  |  qadc_multi_leaves_Euclidean-CLR_pearson
result           |conjunction      |-0.33  |  qadc_multi_leaves_Euclidean-CLR_pearson
precedence       |succession       |+0.44  |  qadc_multi_leaves_Euclidean-CLR_spearman
result           |arg2-as-detail   |-0.31  |  qadc_multi_leaves_Euclidean-CLR_spearman
precedence       |succession       |+0.42  |  qadc_multi_leaves_Euclidean-CLR_kendall
result           |arg2-as-detail   |-0.25  |  qadc_multi_leaves_Euclidean-CLR_kendall
precedence       |succession       |+0.51  |  qadc_multi_leaves_Euclidean-ALR_pearson
result           |conjunction      |-0.33  |  qadc_multi_leaves_Euclidean-ALR_pearson
precedence       |succession       |+0.44  |  qadc_multi_leaves_Euclidean-ALR_spearman
result           |arg2-as-detail   |-0.31  |  qadc_multi_leaves_Euclidean-ALR_spearman
precedence       |succession       |+0.42  |  qadc_multi_leaves_Euclidean-ALR_kendall
result           |arg2-as-detail   |-0.25  |  qadc_multi_leaves_Euclidean-ALR_kendall
precedence       |succession       |+0.51  |  qadc_multi_leaves_Euclidean-ILR_pearson
result           |conjunction      |-0.33  |  qadc_multi_leaves_Euclidean-ILR_pearson
precedence       |succession       |+0.44  |  qadc_multi_leaves_Euclidean-ILR_spearman
result           |arg2-as-detail   |-0.31  |  qadc_multi_leaves_Euclidean-ILR_spearman
precedence       |succession       |+0.42  |  qadc_multi_leaves_Euclidean-ILR_kendall
result           |arg2-as-detail   |-0.25  |  qadc_multi_leaves_Euclidean-ILR_kendall
cause            |conjunction      |-0.44  |  qadc_multi_level2_Euclidean-CLR_pearson
concession       |contrast         |+0.29  |  qadc_multi_level2_Euclidean-CLR_pearson
cause            |conjunction      |-0.42  |  qadc_multi_level2_Euclidean-CLR_spearman
concession       |contrast         |+0.31  |  qadc_multi_level2_Euclidean-CLR_spearman
cause            |conjunction      |-0.34  |  qadc_multi_level2_Euclidean-CLR_kendall
concession       |contrast         |+0.30  |  qadc_multi_level2_Euclidean-CLR_kendall
cause            |conjunction      |-0.44  |  qadc_multi_level2_Euclidean-ALR_pearson
concession       |contrast         |+0.29  |  qadc_multi_level2_Euclidean-ALR_pearson
cause            |conjunction      |-0.42  |  qadc_multi_level2_Euclidean-ALR_spearman
concession       |contrast         |+0.31  |  qadc_multi_level2_Euclidean-ALR_spearman
cause            |conjunction      |-0.34  |  qadc_multi_level2_Euclidean-ALR_kendall
concession       |contrast         |+0.30  |  qadc_multi_level2_Euclidean-ALR_kendall
cause            |conjunction      |-0.44  |  qadc_multi_level2_Euclidean-ILR_pearson
concession       |contrast         |+0.29  |  qadc_multi_level2_Euclidean-ILR_pearson
cause            |conjunction      |-0.42  |  qadc_multi_level2_Euclidean-ILR_spearman
concession       |contrast         |+0.31  |  qadc_multi_level2_Euclidean-ILR_spearman
cause            |conjunction      |-0.34  |  qadc_multi_level2_Euclidean-ILR_kendall
concession       |contrast         |+0.30  |  qadc_multi_level2_Euclidean-ILR_kendall
temporal         |comparision      |-0.05  |  qadc_multi_level1_Euclidean-CLR_pearson
contingency      |expansion        |-0.62  |  qadc_multi_level1_Euclidean-CLR_pearson
temporal         |comparision      |+0.08  |  qadc_multi_level1_Euclidean-CLR_spearman
contingency      |expansion        |-0.60  |  qadc_multi_level1_Euclidean-CLR_spearman
temporal         |comparision      |+0.06  |  qadc_multi_level1_Euclidean-CLR_kendall
contingency      |expansion        |-0.50  |  qadc_multi_level1_Euclidean-CLR_kendall
temporal         |comparision      |-0.05  |  qadc_multi_level1_Euclidean-ALR_pearson
contingency      |expansion        |-0.62  |  qadc_multi_level1_Euclidean-ALR_pearson
temporal         |comparision      |+0.08  |  qadc_multi_level1_Euclidean-ALR_spearman
contingency      |expansion        |-0.60  |  qadc_multi_level1_Euclidean-ALR_spearman
temporal         |comparision      |+0.06  |  qadc_multi_level1_Euclidean-ALR_kendall
contingency      |expansion        |-0.50  |  qadc_multi_level1_Euclidean-ALR_kendall
temporal         |comparision      |-0.05  |  qadc_multi_level1_Euclidean-ILR_pearson
contingency      |expansion        |-0.62  |  qadc_multi_level1_Euclidean-ILR_pearson
temporal         |comparision      |+0.08  |  qadc_multi_level1_Euclidean-ILR_spearman
contingency      |expansion        |-0.60  |  qadc_multi_level1_Euclidean-ILR_spearman
temporal         |comparision      |+0.06  |  qadc_multi_level1_Euclidean-ILR_kendall
contingency      |expansion        |-0.50  |  qadc_multi_level1_Euclidean-ILR_kendall
